# Fina project of database design
## User requirement
### The museum consists of two buildings: Peerd van Omeleks and Martini Toren that each contain different locations. Peerd van Omeleks contains two wings, a canteen, and a storage for cleaning supplies, whereas Martini Toren contains one wing, a storage for the art that is not displayed, and room for the administration. The administration consists of both offices and a research lab. For each location, we want to know the location ID, the name of the building it belongs to, and when it is open. The museum has three main categories of their collections: manuscripts, paintings, and artifacts. The collections all need to be defined by an ID, the name of the piece, the artist, the origin including the period and place, and if it is a temporary piece of art in the museum or if it is constantly on show. There are six different types of employees: tour guides, security guards, janitors, cashiers, researchers, and the employees working in the administration. For the employees, we need their ID, first and last name, role, date of birth, and address. In regard to the visitors, there is only one type of visitor, but we should access information about the visitor's email, address, first and last name, and they should have an ID.

### The visitors can reserve tickets, both online and at the museum. There are five different types of tickets: elder discount, student discount, children discount, membership card, and full price. The tickets have a ticket number and two types of dates: one for when the reservation was made and one for when they visited.

### Furthermore, the database should show which locations the visitors have access to and which employees have access to which locations. This is done by adding priority levels to the employees, visitors, and locations. For the locations, the wings and the canteen have priority level 3 and are open for everyone. The administration and the cleaning supply storage has priority level 2, which means only employees with level 2 or higher can access. The storage for the art and the research lab can only be accessed by employees with priority level 1. Visitors are the only persons with priority level 3. Cahiers and tour guides have priority level 2 as they can not access the main storage and research lab. The rest of the employees, the janitors, guards, researchers and administration have priority level 1 so they can access every room in the building.
